_kvmk
os: _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
os: _kvkk
niin-juuri kello _kvkt
mies os: _kvkt
puu _kvkk
mies _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
valmis _kvkt
kyllä
puuttua os:
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt
äiti os: _kvkt
äiti os: os:
mies os: _kvkk
os: katsoa os: _kvkk
_kvkt
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
äiti _kvkk
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
mies zzz
_kvkk
_kvkt mies _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
sanomalehti
mies _kvkt
herätä vaihtaa _kvkt
mies _kvkk
_kvkt
niin-juuri
hauska
_kvkt
pysyä _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
aloittaa os: _kvkk
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt mies _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
niin-juuri
valmis
valmis
niin-juuri
mies mies _kvkt
niin-juuri
_kvkt _kvkt _kvkt _kvkt _kvkt _kvkt
vatsa _kvkt
puoliso _kvkk
os:
_kvkt _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: nukkua
vastaanottaa _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
mies _kvkt
os: os:
_kvkt
kaksi_num mies _kvkt
_kvkt
mies _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt kortti
_kvkt
_kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
niin-juuri
pysyä
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
os: hyvä os:
_kvmk
niin-juuri
os:minä _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
ratsastaa _kvkt
_kvkt
tulla os:
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkk
kyllä tosi tosi
os:minä _kvkt
mies _kvkt
valmis
os: mies _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
herätä tarkoittaa _kvkt
_kvkk pestä-hampaat
yliopisto _kvkt
os: os: _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: aloittaa zzz
os: niin-juuri kaikki
tyhjä
os: os: _kvkt
mies _kvkt
ymmärtää-ei pää
mutta os: _kvkt
ratsastaa
sanomalehti sama
sanomalehti os:
mitä os:
_kvkt _kvkt
os:
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
täytyä _kvmk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
sattua os:
os: mies _kvkt
_kvkt
mies _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
mies _kvkt
os: os: os: os:
_kvkt _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
zzz _kvmk kortti
os:minä _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: os:
os: pöytä
kyllä kyllä
valmis
isä os: _kvmk _kvmk
os: os:
yliopisto _kvkt
os: os:minä
_kvmk os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
_kvmk os: _kvmk _kvmk
_kvkk katsoa
ottaa hyvä
niin-juuri
kyllä
os:minä
mies istua _kvmk
mies _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
yliopisto _kvkt
os: katsoa
os: _kvkt
os: ihmetellä
os:
os: os: _kvkt
puoliso _kvkk
puoliso _kvkk
_kvkk keittää kahvi
vau
mies _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: katsoa
_kvkt
ajaa-autolla hyvä
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt
zzz
mies golf
_kvkt
os: _kvkt
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
mies os:
os: _kvkk
mies _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
os:minä ei
os: katsoa
os: _kvkt
okei
os: _kvkt
niin-juuri os: _kvkt
zzz
niin-juuri os:minä
selvä
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
pää ei
_kvkt _kvkk
herätä os: _kvkk
ei ei
_kvkt
os:minä nauraa
kyllä niin-juuri
selvä os:
os: os:
zzz os:
mies kävellä
os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
niin-juuri ihmetellä
niin-juuri
puuttua os:
puuttua os:
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
äiti katsoa os: katsoa
os: _kvkk
äiti _kvkt
os: _kvkt _kvkk
äiti os: _kvkt
niin-juuri
os:minä _kvkt
os: _kvkt
mies os: _kvkt
_kvkt
os: _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
os: ei os:
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkt
os: olla _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkk
okei
silmä puoliso
os: hyvä os:
okei os:
okei
sammakko os:
os:minä _kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
os:minä _kvkt
kukka olla _kvmk
katsoa
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: katsoa os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
äiti os: _kvkt
kokonaisuus jo jo
oikein
mies os: _kvkt
oikein os: os:
_kvmk _kvkt
isä os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os:minä os: _kvmk
_kvkt _kvkk
valmis
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
isä os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
hyvä pestä-hampaat
os: _kvmk os: _kvkk
mies _kvkt
os: katsoa os: _kvkk
pää os: olla
os: _kvkt
mies os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
kyllä os: kyllä os:
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
äiti os: os: katsoa
os: os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
äiti os: os:
_kvkt _kvkk
ei ei
_kvkt
mies _kvkt
_kvkt os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
os: _kvmk os: _kvmk
os: os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os: mies _kvkt
os: _kvkk
mies os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
puoliso _kvkk
kävellä _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
os: _kvkk
hyvä hyvä auki
niin-juuri
puuttua os:
os: katsoa _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
mies os: _kvkt
mies _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: zzz
hauska
os: _kvkt
os: os: hyvä os:
_kvkt _kvkt
os: zzz
kello os:
os: _kvkk
_kvkt
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
os:minä _kvkt
hauska
jälkeen
mies _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
oikein os:minä os:minä
_kvkt os: _kvkk
hauska
liikunta mitä
os: ei
_kvkt _kvkt
poliisi _kvkk
os: mennä
os: _kvmk
_kvkt _kvkt
katsoa katsoa katsoa
os: _kvkt
os: kävellä os:
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: katsoa
os: _kvkk
os: _kvmk _kvkk
sama _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkt
mies katsoa
os: os: _kvkk
_kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt _kvkk
os: os: _kvmk
mies katsoa
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
_kvmk os: _kvmk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: os:
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: ei ei
_kvkt
_kvkk _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
niin-juuri
os: takaisin os: _kvkk
katsoa os:
zzz
os: _kvkt
mies katsoa
os: mennä nukkua
os: _kvkk
mies herätä
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
os: katsoa
os: kyllä
os: lumiukko _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: olla
lumiukko _kvkk
os: _kvkt
lumiukko _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: niin-juuri
os: _kvkk
os: ei os:
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
lumiukko katsoa
os: _kvkt
os: ihmetellä
os: katsoa
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
katsoa katsoa katsoa
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os: leikkiä os:
os: olla os: olla os:
lumiukko os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkt
lumiukko kokeilla
_kvkt _kvkk
lumiukko os: _kvkt
ei
os: _kvkt
_kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: okei os: _kvkt
os: katsoa
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
_kvkk
_kvkt
os: _kvkk
jälkeen kävellä _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: mennä nukkua
os: os: _kvkk
herätä herätä
zzz os:
os: katsoa os:
juosta kävellä lähteä
os: os: katsoa
_kvkt _kvkt
_kvkk _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvmk
mies katsoa
zzz os:
puoliso tarina
niin-juuri
liikunta os:minä
kyllä
lumiukko os: lumiukko
os:
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
koira os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
_kvkt _kvkk
koira os: _kvkk
os: katsoa os:
mies _kvkt
koira os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
lasi _kvkt rikkoontua
os: _kvkt
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkk
os: olla os: _kvmk
_kvkk _kvkk
koira selvä haukkua
os: os: _kvkk
koira os: puu _kvkk
_kvkk
os: os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvmk os: _kvmk
mies _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os: katsoa os: katsoa
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkk
_kvkk
_kvmk _kvkk
os: _kvkt
os: _kvkt
os:minä viittoa
aamu os:
_kvkt
_kvkk os: _kvkk
os: _kvkt
_kvkt
_kvkt _kvkt
os: _kvkt
yliopisto _kvkk
