pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
dan-a move+v
po po po
move+v move+v
po
po po
po po
po
po
move+v
move+v
hee po po
pt-1hand dan-a pt-1hand
be+b
po
po
po po
po po
po po po
po po
po po
po po po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
dan-a pt-1hand
po po
po po po
po po
po po po
po po
po
attentie attentie
attentie po
nu-a nu-a po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand
dan-a pt-1hand
po
po po
po po
attentie pt-1hand attentie
move+v move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
be+b
po
po po
po po
po
po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand
po
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
po
po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+1
po
dan-a dan-a dan-a
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po
dan-b
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
nu-a po
po
po po
vasthouden-h
po po
attentie po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
attentie
move+v
dan-a dan-a po
po
move+v move+v
move+v
po po
po
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
aap
attentie pt-1hand po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
po po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
attentie po
dan-a be+b
move+v
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
attentie po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po
dan-b
attentie po
po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand
po
po po
move+1
hee po
po po
be+b
po
move+v move+v
po
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
vasthouden-h
move+v
po
attentie po
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand be+b
po po
tekenen-b
dan-b
po
po
po po po
po po
move+v move+v
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
pt-1hand vroeger-a
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po po
po po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po
po
pt-1hand po
po po
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po po
move+1
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
pt-1hand gebaren-a
po po
po
pt-1hand be+b
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
nu-a nu-a po
pt-1hand pt-1hand pt-1hand
attentie po
po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po po
po po
pt-1hand pt-1hand po
po po
move+v
po
po po po
po
move+v
pt-1hand gebaren-a
move+v
po po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand
po po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
imitatie
nu-a nu-a
po po
attentie po
po po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
kijken-a
po po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
dan-a pt-1hand
move+v
po po
attentie po
kijken-a
po
po
po po
attentie po
pt-1hand
move+v
nu-a nu-a po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
pt-1hand
po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand poes-c
po
po po po
po po
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
be+1 move+v
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po po
pt-1hand
po
po po
move+v move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
be+b
be+b
attentie po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand aap
po po
po po po
po po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
po
po po
po po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po po
dan-a dan-a
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po po
pt-1hand
move+v
be+b
po po
po po
po
dan-b
attentie po
move+v
po
imitatie
move+v
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
be+b
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
move+v
po
po
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand
move+v
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po po
attentie po
po
po
po
po po po
be+b
be+b
po
hee hee
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand
be+b
po po
be+1 move+v
po po
po
po po
po
po
po po
move+v move+v
lopend-voortbewegen-a move+v
attentie po
po
po po
po
po
dan-b
po po
move+v
pt-1hand be+b
po po
attentie po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
attentie po
move+1
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
po po
poes-a
po
po
po po
po
po
po po
attentie attentie
po po
po
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
be+b
po po
po po
move+v
pt-1hand
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
attentie
pt-1hand pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
move+1
move+v move+v
po
move+v
move+v
be+b
pt-1hand
po po po
po po
po po po
pt-1hand
tekenen-b
pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
po po
po
pt-1hand
move+v
po po
po po
move+v
imitatie
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
move+v move+v
po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po
be+b
po
po
po po
po po po
po
attentie pt-1hand
move+v move+v
po
move+v
move+v
po po
po po
po po
imitatie
po
po
pt-1hand
po po
po
po
po po
po
po po
po po
po po
po po po
po
po po
pt-1hand
po po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
move+v
dan-a pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand
po
po
po po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po po
pt-1hand horen-a
pt-1hand po
po po po
pt-1hand:1 po
kijken-a
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po po
po po
po po
move+v move+v
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po po
po
po
po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
attentie po
po po
po
po
imitatie
po po
po po
po
pt-1hand move+v
po po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
be+b
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
dan-a move+v
po po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
attentie po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
po
kijken-a
po po
po po
po po
po
po
po
move+v
be+b
po po
attentie po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand
po
po
be+b
po po
move+v
po po po
po
move+v
be+b
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
aap
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
tekenen-b
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
po po
po po
be+b
po
po po
pt-1hand dan-a pt-1hand
po po
po po po
po po
po po
po po
pt-1hand
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
po
po po
po po
po
attentie po
po
imitatie
move+v
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
tekenen-b
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
dan-a
pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v move+v
po po
nu-a po po
po
po
po
po
po
po po po
po po
pt-1hand
po po
po po
po
po
attentie attentie
pt-1hand
po
move+v
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a vroeger-a
po
pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
dan-b
po
po po
move+v
pt-1hand
po po
po po
po po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
attentie pt-1hand po
po po
po po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
attentie po
aap
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
be+b
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
tekenen-b
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
be+b
po po
po po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
po po
move+1
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand
po po
po po po
po
po
po po
po
po
po
move+v move+v
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
po
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po
be+b
move+v
po po
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 po
imitatie
po po po
po
po po
po po
po
po po
po po po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po
pt-1hand po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po
po
move+1
po po
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
nu-a nu-a po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
pt-1hand:1 zelf-a po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
move+v
po
po po
move+v move+v move+v
move+v
po
be+b
pt-1hand
po
po
po po
pt-1hand pt-1hand po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand gebaren-a
po
po po
kijken-a
po po
po
po
po
po
be+b
po po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand pt-1hand
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
attentie
dan-b
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
zien-a
attentie po
dan-b pt-1hand
po
aap
po
po po
po
po po
po
be+b
be+b
pt-1hand
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
po
po po
kijken-a
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand
po po
po
po po
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po
po po
po
move+v move+v move+v
pt-1hand aap
dan-b
po
po
po
move+1
po po
po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
move+v move+v
pt-1hand
po po
po
dan-a move+v
po po
po
dan-a dan-a
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po po
po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po po
po
move+1
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand:1 po
kijken-a
po
po
po
pt-1hand
be+b
po
attentie po
po po
move+v
po po
move+v move+v
po
po po po
po
move+v
kijken-a
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po po
attentie po po
move+v move+v
po
po po
pt-1hand pt-1hand po
po po
move+v move+v
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
attentie po
dan-a be+b
po po po
attentie po
aap
pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
pt-1hand
po po
po
be+b
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
move+v
po po
po
po po
po po
po po
po
po
move+v
po
vasthouden-h
po
move+v
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v move+v
po po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po po
po po
pt-1hand
tekenen-b
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
po
po
attentie po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
pt-1hand po
po
po
attentie po
po
po
pt-1hand
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
attentie po
po po
po
move+v move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
dan-a move+v
po po
pt-1hand
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
be+b
po
po
po po
po po
move+v
po
po
nu-a nu-a nu-a po
attentie po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
po
po
po po
tekenen-b
po po
move+v
po po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
po po
po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
po
attentie po
wat-a po
po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po po
po
po po
pt-1hand
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
dan-a dan-a dan-a
po po
po po
move+v
po po
pt-1hand
po
move+v
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand po
po
po
po po
po
po
move+v move+v
po po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand
po
po
po
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po po
po
move+v
pt-1hand
po po po
po po
po
attentie po
pt-1hand
po
po
po po po
po
move+v
po
po
po
po
aap
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
pt-1hand
po
poes-a
po
po
po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
po po
move+v
po po
move+v move+v
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand
po po
po po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
be+b
attentie attentie po
po po
po po
po
po
po
po
pt-1hand vroeger-a po
move+v
po po
po po
po po
po po
po
po
move+v move+v
po po
po po
po
po po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po po
po po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand pt-1hand
po
po po
pt-1hand be+b
po po
po po
po po
po
po
pt-1hand pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 po
vasthouden-i
po po
po
nu-a nu-a
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand aap
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
dan-a
po po
po po
po po
move+v
move+v
po po
move+v
po po
attentie po po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
be+1 move+v
po po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand kijken-a
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
kijken-a
po
po po po
pt-1hand dan-a pt-1hand
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
dan-a dan-a dan-a
move+1
po po
tekenen-b
dan-a move+v
po
pt-1hand dan-a pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand
po
po po
po po
po
move+1
po
move+v
po
po
pt-1hand
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po po
attentie po po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
move+v
po
move+v
pt-1hand
pt-1hand
po po
be+b move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
move+v
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 po
attentie po po
be+b
po
pt-1hand
po
po po
po po
po po
po
vasthouden-h
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
attentie po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
po po
po po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
po
po
po po
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
po
move+v
po
po
po
po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
lopend-voortbewegen-a
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po
po
po
po
move+1
po
move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
po po
pt-1hand
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
vroeger-a vroeger-a po
move+v
po
move+v
be+b
po
po po
po
move+v move+v
pt-1hand:1 po
move+v
move+v move+v
po po
pt-1hand
po
po
move+v
po po
po po
po po
move+v move+v
po
po
po
pt-1hand po
po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
po po
po
pt-1hand:1 po
po po po
pt-1hand:1 po
po
pt-1hand:1 pt-1hand:1 po
po po
attentie po
po
po po
